{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24200\viewh12920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs48 \
Fetdish fixes\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
in the recipes section, user should be able to categorize recipes by cuisine, preferences (vegetarian, no gluten, etc). the pantry background in profile should have the buttons and\'a0 the rectangles of the sections transparent so we can appreciate the marble and wood of the pantry, where did it go?, also on the main menu we can't read the words "add recipe" or Shopping list, maybe the whole button text shouldn't be bold. also instead of the shopping list lined notebook, i am adding a nice background again that we just need to put in maybe a 50% transparency so it doesn't collide with the main function of the list. The buttons on top should go down a bit more. In the Recipes section where we will see the saved recipes, we should see each recipe the same way is presented, i like that but kind of leaning as well in some kind of shelf, so it looks way more cool... try using the same shelf background of the pantry but with a different approach, maybe been able to see 2 or 3 recipes per shelf and go down indefinitely (depending on how many recipes user has). Also in the what can i cook section, the user should be able to decide depending on their moment: italian, french, salty, spicy, etc. and recommend based on that feedback and the ingredients they have... I don't know if the ingredients should be alphabetically shown (like they are now) or Categorized: condiments, meats, vegetables, etc.\'a0\
Also add 3 images that will change each time the user uses the app, in "mport a recipe" there will be 3 images that will rotate each time the app is started. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ok tomorrow we will try to fix several things on the mac os app ux.\'a0 \'a0A few things in the list: No splash screen so the app doesn't relate to the mobile versions. The interface should have some more similarity, unity, colors, interface, something that reminds you of the mobile ones (ipad, iphone), in "what can i cook, the line with the type of cuisines goes endlessly to the right, so if you don't expand the window, you won't see them, that has to go in coordination with the size of the window while being used. Underneath the cuisines ,the ingredients actually work the right way. in the Allergies and Dietary preferences section, there are several ingredients that repeat, we'll have to fix that. The contrast in the shopping list either in light or dark mode is hard to see, we need to find a way to make it look easy on the eyes. In the recipe library, we need to have a way to edit the recipes that have been typed in by the user in case they need more control for servings (also to make sure the recipe adjusts itself depending on the servings).
\fs24 \
}